Expand discussion to mention use of vcpkg on Windows. (#867)
LLNL/axom: src/docs/sphinx/quickstart_guide/config_build.rst

    generates a *host-config* file (i.e., CMake cache file) that includes all 
    details of the configuration and build dependencies.

On Windows, ``uberenv.py`` takes analogous steps:

  * It clones the vcpkg repo from GitHub.
  * It specifies configuration details such as the "triplet," specifying
    compiler, 64 vs 32-bits, and any other options specific to Axom.

>   * It builds vcpkg and then invokes vcpkg to build a set of TPLs.  It

Reviewer: Minor suggestion:
```suggestion
  * It sets up vcpkg and then invokes vcpkg to build a set of TPLs.  It
```
